these packages here I don't know which
is they're both the same thing or if
they're both different things but we
ordered insoles from tactics awesome
speaker they threw in their tactics
board shop sticker an invoice hmm King
foam old high profile insoles absorbs
90% of the shock and of course the egg
test though that we're gonna have to do
here soon boom jaws insoles extra
cushioning this
can't wait to throw these bad boys in my
shoes and go jump down some drops so
let's see what came and this one one
pound Priority Mail
well featuring arty laid amazed ones up
as well same thing a pair of jaws
insoles pretty sure I had my mom order
them and she ordered two pairs so
awesome we're gonna have to get out an
egg and drop them on these bad boys and
see if they really hold up like they say
so let's go grab an egg and see if it
works
alright we grab some eggs out of the
fridge we got the large grade-a double-a
grade eggs
I don't know what I do with these to
stick them on the heel area I'm not sure
what these go to you
they supposed to be for the heel so that
right I don't know there's no
instructions that came with it
take that bad boy there see how it feels
on the toes real quick I got such fat
feet they don't really match up can I
beat yourself fat but hopefully they end
up working out do they're extra squishy
we're gonna walk over here real quick
and see about grabbing a bowling ball oh
yeah there's a bowling ball right over
here we can use to drop on there and
test it out Wow
now we're gonna pull out an egg
right about there I would say how about
you Wow
and the egg does not break that's
insanity just to show you how look at
that that is some amazing technology
they have their FP footprint custom
orthotics I can't wait to put them in my
shoes and go skating that's insane
I dropped it from this high off the
ground I did it broke but it doesn't
break falling off onto the insoles which
is amazing definitely recommend you go
out get you some insoles then go out and
jump off something big we're gonna go
out and skate now so I hope you have a
great great day and remember to give it
a thumbs up with the like button there
leave some comments and subscribe for
more thanks have a great one